---
title: Documenting the journey
date: "2022-09-05T18"
category: Driving
tags: [ "travelog", "documentation" ]
teaser: It’s only 30 days until I hit the road, and the packing is in full swing.
feature:
  file: documenting.jpeg
  alt: tools for documentation include a Polaroid Now+ camera; a red notebook with a sticker of Alexis Rose from Schitt’s Creek saying, I love this journey for you; a blue notebook with a sticker reading, you are here; a micron pen; and a blue gel-ink pen.
---

Part of the journey is not just experiencing adventures, but documenting them. Writing things down or taking photos will remind future-me of everything that happened, and will also provide updates for my friends and family.

It’s been years since I’ve journaled regularly, and I’m looking forward to the opportunity to write again. I love [leuchtturm1917](https://www.leuchtturm1917.us/) notebooks and have used them the past few years for keeping track of to-dos, or organizing notes from grad school courses. It seemed an obvious choice for my travel journal.

In addition, I bought a smaller notebook to act as an actual travelog, recording dates of travel, miles driven, times of breaks, gas prices, etc. Part of this is the fun of maintaining a register (we’ll see how that changes along the way!) and part is reporting expenses; since I’ll be traveling to a conference, work is sponsoring that part of the trip.

The minutiae of travel fascinates me, especially over time as roads have been improved and cars have advanced technology. I have a copy of [_Across the Continent by the Lincoln Highway_](https://archive.org/details/acrosscontinentb00glad), a 1914 account of the cross-country road by Effie Price Gladding. I’m waiting until the trip starts to read it!

I further hope to document what it will be like to travel during a pandemic. Although the worst of it is over, covid-19 _is_ still a thing, and I’m taking as many safety measures as I can. There is risk involved, for sure, and I’ll do my best to mitigate that.

If there are things you’d like to read on the blog, let me know! [Find me on Twitter](https://twitter.com/LincHwyJournal) or [send an email](postcard@lincolnhighwayjournal.com). I can’t wait for October to come.
